h2. Redmine boards/wiki/issues watchers management and sticky groups plugin

h3. Priority for sticky messages

Plugin adds ability to select priority level for sticky messages. Messages sorted by level first and modification time second
Please do plugins migrations before use!

h3. Boards and topics watchers management

Plugin allows to add/remove watchers to the project' forums and their individual topics. Also it allows to assign watchers while creating a message.

Watchers management screen allows to add group members to watchers as well as lookup and quickly select watchers by typing part of their names

Plugin adds following extra links/forms

* Extra button *Watchers* in _Settings->Forums_ tab for each board right before +Edit+ and +Delete+
* Extra column *Watchers* in list of forums
* Extra column *Watchers* in list of topics for each forum
* Watchers management screen for new message form

Number of watchers is displayed in parenthesis after the watchers' icon.

To enable this feature you should have following permissions enabled for role:

* *Manage board watchers* (+Boards+ section of permissions dialog) - enable if you want to allow boards watchers management
* *Manage topic watchers* (+Boards+ section of permissions dialog) - enable if you want to allow individual topics watchers management

h3. Wiki pages watchers management

Plugin allows to add/remove watchers to the wiki pages.

Watchers management screen allows to add group members to watchers as well as lookup and quickly select watchers by typing part of their names.

Watchers management is accesible from Wiki's _Index by title_ page. Each page link has watcher's icon and number of active watchers in parenthesis. Click on the number to access watchers management screen.

To enable this feature you should have following permission enabled for role:

* *Manage wiki watchers* (+Wiki+ section of permissions dialog) - enable if you want to allow wiki pages watchers management for given role

h3. Watchers management for new issue dialog

Plugin replaces original list of watchers in new issue creation dialog with a new and more usable. New watchers selection box allows to add group members to watchers as well as lookup and quickly select watchers by typing part of their names.

Please note that starting from version 1.4.0 ability to add non-members as watchers to issue not supported.

h3. Issues context menu for quick watchers management

Plugin incorporates features from my other plugin - "context_menu_watchers":http://www.redmine.org/plugins/redmine_context_menu_watchers

Plugin adds 'Watchers' submenu to issues' context menu allowing to perform various watchers' related operations on selected issues:

* *Watch* - add current user as watcher to selected issues
* *Unwatch* - remove current user from watchers of selected issues
* *Add watchers* - select users and add them as watchers to selected issues
 +Restrictions+: Selected issues should belong to the same project and logged user should have 'Add watchers' permission
* *Delete watchers* - select users and remove them from the list of watchers for the selected issues
 +Restrictions+: Selected issues should belong to the same project and logged user should have 'Delete watchers' permission

h3. Patches and changed views

Following views are altered:

* boards/index.html.erb
* boards/show.html.erb
* issues/new.html.erb
* messages/_form.html.erb
* projects/_form.html.erb
* projects/settings/_boards.html.erb

Following controllers/models are patched

* boards_controller (show)
* messages_controller (new,edit)
* message (sticky_priority attribute)

h3. Installation

* Please install "Plugin views with revisions":http://www.redmine.org/plugins/redmine_plugin_views_revisions in order for this plugin to work
* Do plugin migrations
 rake db:migrate_plugins RAILS_ENV=production
* Run rake task to compile correct views
 rake redmine:plugins:process_version_change RAILS_ENV=production

If you are going to upgrade Redmine itself after plugin installation please run rake tasks above after upgrade.

h3. History

0.2.7

* Compatibility with 2.3.0 added

0.2.6

* Compatibility with 2.1.0 added

0.2.5

* Compatibility with 1.4.x added

0.2.4

* Compatibility with 1.3.3 improved

0.2.3

* Compatibility with 1.3.3 added

0.2.2

* Rails 3 (Redmine 2.x) compatibility

0.2.1

* Different Redmine revisions compatibility

0.2.0

* Plugin depends on "Plugin views with revisions":http://www.redmine.org/plugins/redmine_plugin_views_revisions
* Added ability to manage wiki pages watchers
* Merged with _context_menu_watchers_ plugin
* Replaces default watchers selection in new issue dialog

0.1.3

* Added ability to manage message watchers on reply screen

0.1.2

* DE translation added
* More robust JS code

0.1.1

* Major upgrade
* Three level of sticky priorities added (low, medium, high)
* Group selection of watchers toggles users checkboxes
* Ability to select users using text input
* Breadcrumbs for quick navigation
* Added ability to check/uncheck all trackers/custom fields on project settings screen

0.0.7

* Compatibility with Redmine 1.3.x added

0.0.6

* Interface redisigned
* Removed dependency from Issues module
* Added ability to select group for watchers based on project members settings

0.0.5

* Initial release
